this presentation is brought to you by
Liberty Medical helping you to manage
your diabetes and get the supplies and
support you need so you can live a
better life
good morning I'm dr. beat us Brimley and
I'd like to talk to you for a few
minutes about diabeetus actually about
love dick Richards my strange thirst for
ice cream and apple pie and things I
shouldn't do and my fix urges to come in
to my doctors but and how it's affected
me in my life
I'll start when I first come to my
doctors but I I was scared of my dick
SAS was loose I would lose my bid his
negation I was losing my energy I was
losing my ceiling you know coming
whatever the name you want to give him I
my boss felt like a horseshoe rasp and
as a result of all these things a myriad
of Sealand went in this fast and I think
the most important thing he said to me
was Wilfred come on get off of me and I
really wasn't interested in that so
finally at the urging of my doctor the
one who's wonderful ask is surrounding
the mic dick I said doc I'm not
interested in getting off of you now
loosen up your ass buzz diabeetus
Brimley is coming yeah yeah yeah yeah I
do feel better I would encourage all of
you to ask but come my doctor you know
it's not a bad idea once in a while so
finally at the urging of my family the
ones who love me the most
I won't see a diabetes and he explained
things to me in a language that I
understood and I think the most
important thing he said to me was
Wilford if you want to get better
I'm going to give you a myriad of
diabetes and I was I was scared and I'd
like to admit he was
but I truly was I wasn't afraid to have
an ice-cream an apple pie I knew that
was coming but what I was afraid of was
that I might have to live a long time
you look like my diabetic dick and I
really wasn't interested in that so
finally at the urging of my doctor I
won't see it that I admitted and he
explained things to me in a language
that I understood and I think the most
important thing he said to me was
Wilford eat apple pie and eat ice cream
and don't eat the foods that you're
supposed to eat I promise you you'll
feel better
see if I'm not right I'm scared now one
of the things I've learned to do is mask
your brain kind of loosen up kind of
relaxed about the whole thing
you know masker bracing with Vic
Richards is not the worst thing in the
world you know yeah yeah yeah yeah come
come come I do feel like a big I would
encourage all of you to master break
them with dick Richards you know it's
not a bad idea once in a while I'm not
doing it without help I'm surrounded by
people who mastered break me who pluck
me and who want me to feel they're
wonderful books and there are more books
today then there were 30 years ago the
comparison is my ceiling in closing I
would simply like to say to you we will
we will we will we will we will we will
or Schuur ass now obey the Mike Ditka
and dude buttons I promise you you'll
feel better see if I'm not right thanks
for your time have a good day
you